Switching now back into our app, I’m going
to add our 2-way binding into the search field
right here.
So to do that I’m going to open up our app
component.ts file and first define a property
model to hold our search text.
So I’ll say searchBox is of type string
and set it equal to an empty string.
That’s it for the component.
And now we need to add the FormsModule to
our list of imports in the appModule file.
So navigating into our AppModule.ts file,
I’ll add in the FormsModule to our list
of imports and then also make sure we import
it from @angular/forms.
Now I’ll just add in my template binding
logic in the associated HTML file.
I can do that by declaring my banana in a
box around our special ngModel directive.
Then setting it equal to the property we defined
in our class which is searchBox.
We also now actually have include a name attribute
within our HTML equal to our property.
This is something new to latest Angular 2
release, and if this name attribute is not
defined we will get an error and our template
won’t be displayed correctly.
One thing that’s cool is that we can this
2-way binding and display it in other areas
of our app using interpolation.
So to demonstrate I’m just going to create
a new link in our navBar and add in our property
searchBox inside of the double curly’s.
So I’ll save these now and head back over
to my app.
And I can test this out by adding in some
text to our search field.
And then we can see that both the 2-way binding
and interpolation is now working.